[All hosts](security docs refresh) (#3010)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/overview-authn-authz.md

### Get the user's identity through SSO

Often your add-in only needs the user's identity. For example, you may just want to personalize your add-in and display the user's name on the task pane. Or you might want a unique ID to associate the user with their data in your database. This can be accomplished by just getting the access token for the user from Office.

To get the user's identity through SSO, call the [getAccessToken](/javascript/api/office-runtime/officeruntime.auth#getAccessToken_options_) method. The method returns an access token that is also an identity token containing several claims that are unique to the current signed in user, including `preferred_username`, `name`, `sub`, and `oid`. For more information on these properties, see [Microsoft identity platform ID tokens](/azure/active-directory/develop/id-tokens). For an example of the token returned by [getAccessToken](/javascript/api/office-runtime/officeruntime.auth#getAccessToken_options_), see [Example access token](sso-in-office-add-ins.md#example-access-token).

> If the user is not signed in, Office will open a dialog box and use the Microsoft identity platform to request the user to sign in. Then the method will return an access token, or throw an error if unable to sign in the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user is not signed in, Office opens a dialog box and use the Microsoft identity platform to request the user to sign in. Then the method returns an access token or throws an error if unable to sign in the user.
```

1. Pass the access token to your server-side code.
1. On the server-side, use the [OAuth 2.0 On-Behalf-Of flow](/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-on-behalf-of-flow) to exchange the access token for a new access token containing the necessary delegated user identity and permissions to call Microsoft Graph.

> [!NOTE]
> For best security to avoid leaking the access token, always perform the On-Behalf-Of flow on the server-side. Call Microsoft Graph APIs from your server, not the client. Do not return the access token to the client-side code.

Before you begin implementing SSO to access Microsoft Graph in your add-in, be sure that you are thoroughly familiar with the following articles.

- [Enable single sign-on for Office Add-ins](sso-in-office-add-ins.md)
- [Authorize to Microsoft Graph with SSO](authorize-to-microsoft-graph.md)

> You should also read at least one of the following articles that will walk you through building an Office Add-in to use SSO and access Microsoft Graph. Even if you don't carry out the steps, they contain valuable information about how you implement SSO and the On-Behalf-Of flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also read at least one of the following articles that walk you through building an Office Add-in to use SSO and access Microsoft Graph. Even if you don't carry out the steps, they contain valuable information about how you implement SSO and the On-Behalf-Of flow.
```
